anyway so i'm gonna try to get the
rising tide
and
maybe the s the c the season three axe
or maybe the axe that drops off in zg
i'm za because there is an axe that
drops in za also so we going for
something like that
yeah
since you get to swap the leggings and
keep the fork set exactly it'll be huge
so that's that's the big upgrade
uh for this guy here yeah
and like i said with madness the dps is
going to be crazy so let's check it out
check out the props
let's check out the procs real quick
okay
forceful strike yeah this thing procs a
lot
captain so you're seeing it here i
should make a video for this but
whatever
forceful strike
right there
it is
it proc 31 times that's the madness uh
and it it refreshed 11 times that is
awesome i didn't know it refreshed so
that is really good
so madness trinket prop 31 times it had
a 32 uptime
and it refreshed 11 times that's great
lightning speed of course is the is the
mongoose proc
this is dst here haste
it proc 30 times
so
right right on par 31 and 30
yeah
not bad not bad at all
not bad at all
yep
so that's good
i'll probably clip this part out boy so
once again
we did some dst and madness testing this
is warrior best um as far as trinkets
goes and currently work with phase four
this is still best i have it on one
character you know
um so yeah that's why we're that's where
we are
uh i can't fully pump because he is of
course arms
you know um but if we maybe found
another arms warrior to come in i can go
fury and then fully pump because of
course this guy doesn't have the uh
flurry up time
as a fury warrior would
so but his arms really good you know
really really really good so got the
madness got the dst
got the boots boots are big
uh four piece uh tier six
yeah
choker
yeah i mean besides the chest and this
this is you know this is a black temple
chest it's just not the
armor pin chest
but it's decent for now for what it is
yeah
and i got the furious shackles which is
i think your second best as far as
bracers
yeah
so this guy's kind of geared to the
teeth not too many more black temples
that i'm going to need
yeah but that's it guys so that is the
uh
gear upgrade check
uh let's see how many misses i had here
83 misses though that's a lot without no
expertise i'm running no expertise by
the way
no expertise there too
motor strike damage is definitely higher
that's good
yeah whirlwind's looking good
yeah so super happy about that guys
all right let me know what you guys
think thank you guys for tuning in this
is the dst and testing and madness of
the betrayer testing video
and i'll check you guys next time